Before I let you go.
Well we're still on the subject on CSI as Box model.
I would like to cover one more property as well as one more value.
Now the property name is gonna be border radius and the value is gonna be negative margin.
So how this is gonna work.
Well first and foremost let me just make some changes here because otherwise this is not going to look
as well as I would like to.
So let's say by this time I hope that you already know all these values and properties meaning at least
the basics of them.
So we're going to start deleting them just so have a little bit more room.
And again if you need to go back just go back to the previous video and you can obviously get the source
code.
Now what I have here I have the border but I have the ash and it's only for the bottom so that's not
something I'm interested.
So we had reason to say that I'm going to get rid of all these three and we're going to work with border
let's say five pixels solid and I'm gonna go with something that we can see clearer.
So I'm gonna go black and that's going to be my border as well as I'm gonna get rid of this margin.
So I was just going to leave the default margin for whatever heading one.
Now I'm also gonna make some changes for the paragraph and here we're also gonna do something similar.
We're all gonna get rid of all the margins as well as we're gonna change the color.
So here let's say the color is going to be green.
Maybe this case we're gonna see it a little bit better.
Now what about border radius.
What does it do.
Well with border radius property we can work on the edges of the border.
And I think it's gonna be easier again to show use over the border than we have radius.
And now again we can insert whatever values you would like.
Now in my case let's start with 20 pixels.
So check this out the moment we do that we have right now the border but the edges around that's the
whole point of this border radius.
Now if you want to be really creative we can obviously change the values here.
We can add more and more value.
Now the option though is we can also go and make it totally round.
So let's say in my case we can use border radius and let's set this to 50 percent because we can also
use the percentages.
So I can do something like this and check this out.
Now my paragraph is actually around like this if I'm going with 50 percent now you can obviously go
80 if you want and you can go even more but probably in most cases you are going to be dealing.
Is going to go at 50 percent.
Now we also have an option for negative margin.
So how that is going to work well for now we're looking at it and we see that this would be the default
margin that we're getting from the default browser.
So there's some margin here in the bottom and then there's also some on the top for the pie.
What about if you change all that.
What if you were going to say here Boehner or I'm sorry margin of border and for the margin top for
the paragraph we're going to set margin but this is not going to be a positive value.
Instead I'm gonna go with like negative hundred pixels.
So what's gonna happen here.
Now the moment we served notice that right now our paragraph is sitting actually on the top of our previous
element which was setting one.
And in most cases whenever you want to deal with some kind of layout this might be one of the options.
Now I'm not saying this is going to be the only option you're gonna be using but it's good to be aware
of it because it might come in handy.